add the ability to specify the basic auth user (#187)
grafana/cortex-tools: README.md

| Env Variables     | Flag      | Description                                                                                                   |
| ----------------- | --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| CORTEX_ADDRESS    | `address` | Address of the API of the desired Cortex cluster.                                                              |

> | CORTEX_API_USER   | `user`    | In cases where the Cortex API is set behind a basic auth gateway, an user can be set as a basic auth user. If empty and CORTEX_API_KEY is set, TENANT_ID will be used as default. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| CORTEX_API_USER   | `user`    | In cases where the Cortex API is set behind a basic auth gateway, a user can be set as a basic auth user. If empty and CORTEX_API_KEY is set, CORTEX_TENANT_ID will be used instead. |
```
